for this I'm going to heat up a wok or
you can use a deep frying pan and you
want it to be quite hot before you add
the oil so the oil can go all around the
pan keeping the food from sticking and
you can use one I'm using 1 tablespoon
of ground nut oil but you can use corn
oil works just as well to that I'm going
to add the aubergine cubes is it nicely
drain and stir them around to cope with
the oil there that are on very well and
then I'm going to add some seasoning to
this to this I'm going to add one
tablespoon of finely chopped garlic 1
tablespoon of finely chopped ginger and
2 tablespoons of finely chopped spring
onions and these are typical Western
Chinese seasonings they really are very
aromatic and flavorful now if your surf
frying like this and you find that the
wok is too hot instead of turning off
the heat it's better to just means the
wok and this will cool it down while
keeping the fire still very very hot
stir that around to mix it in very well
and now I'm going to add the other
seasoning I'm gonna add 2 tablespoon of
dark soy sauce
about two teaspoons of the chili being
soft and you could cut this in half if
you find it much too hot for you it's
really quite spicy and I like it very
hot so one tablespoon of the yellow bean
sauce code yellow bean sauce and one
tablespoon of sugar mix that very well
mmm smells so good already and finally
ten fluid ounce of water and bring this
mixture to a boil and let it simmer for
about 15 to 20 minutes until the
aubergines are nice and tender
and they have absorbed all that
wonderful sauce and if you find that
after the cooking that there's too much
sauce you can reduce it by putting it up
very high and let it boil for about a
minute until the sauce has reduced down
and here's the cook aubergine I think it
looks wonderful
I've garnished it with 2 tbsp of finely
chopped spring onion toss which I think
adds a very nice color to this and then
one thing I really like about is could
be made ahead of time because it reheats
beautifully and I think it's equally
delicious cold and that's braised spicy
aubergine from western China